A Text-To-Speech (TTS) synthesizer is a computer-based system that should be able to read any text aloud, 
whether it was directly introduced in the computer by an operator or scanned and submitted to an Optical 
Character Recognition (OCR) system. Let us try to be clear. There is a fundamental difference between 
the system we are about to discuss here and any other talking machine (as a cassette-player for example) 
in the sense that we are interested in the automatic production of new sentences. This definition still 
needs some refinements. Systems that simply concatenate isolated words or parts of sentences, denoted 
as Voice Response Systems, are only applicable when a limited vocabulary is required 
(typically a few one hundreds of words), and when the sentences to be pronounced respect a 
very restricted structure, as is the case for the announcement of arrivals in train stations for instance. 
In the context of TTS synthesis, it is impossible (and luckily useless) to record and store all the words 
of the language. It is thus more suitable to define Text-To-Speech as the automatic production of speech, 
through a grapheme-to-phoneme transcription of the sentences to utter.

At first sight, this task does not look too hard to perform. After all, is not the human being potentially 
able to correctly pronounce an unknown sentence, even from his childhood ? We all have, mainly unconsciously, 
a deep knowledge of the reading rules of our mother tongue. They were transmitted to us, in a simplified form, 
at primary school, and we improved them year after year. However, it would be a bold claim indeed to say that 
it is only a short step before the computer is likely to equal the human being in that respect. 
Despite the present state of our knowledge and techniques and the progress recently accomplished in the fields of 
Signal Processing and Artificial Intelligence, we would have to express some reservations. As a matter of fact, 
the reading process draws from the furthest depths, often unthought of, of the human intelligence.